# Power BI Projects 🎯  
📊 This repository contains my Power BI reports on various datasets.  

## Projects  
1. Apocalypse Food Prep dashboard - Analyzing the data to identify the best store to buy a certain product from based on price of that product in each store.
2. Apocalypse power query editor - Cleaning and processing the data by removing empty rows, changing data types, renaming columns, unpivoting columns, removing columns, filtering data and updating headers.
3. Apocolypse model relationships - Understanding the model relationships and how to build and delete the relationships between different models.
4. Apocolypse DAX query functions - Understanding how to write and interact with dax functions to find the biggest product selling, count of sales per customer, customer spending more at a particular store, Find profit generated by each product, day of the week a product was bought alot, day of the week that has high or low sales, notice patterns from week to week or days of the week and boolean conclusions.
5. Apocolypse drill down - Understanding of drill down to see the order ids associated with a certain customer, drill up, going down at the lowest level of hierachy e.g. products are stacked up on top of each other in a column per store, expand all down to one level in the hierachy e.g. products stacked as a row per store.
6. Apocolypse bins and lists - Understanding of how to create bins and lists. e.g. identifying if the core population are within a certain age and creating visualizations using drill down to identify the cutomer id in each age bin.
7. Apocolypse Conditional Formatting -  Implemented conditional formatting on visualizations i.e. background color, font color, data bars, icons.
8. Apocolypse Visualizations - Interacted with the various types of visualizations. Used 100% stacked column chart to find the products that my audience likes the most, stacked bar chart to find sum of products sold by product name, line chart for dates, line and stacked column chart to compare how much someone pays for a product and how much it takes to produce the product. scattered chart to find ouliers and trends in patterns, donut chart, line and clustered column chart, cards for displaying minimums, average, totals and tables.
9. Final Project - Worked on real data for data professional survey. Cleaned data by removing columns, splitting, duplicating. replacing values, creating custom columns. Created visualizations using text box to add report title, cards to display count number of survey takers and their average age, clustered bar chart to display job title with the most of the survey takers, staccked bar chart to display average salary per job title, formatting visuals, stacked column chart to display people's favourite programming language and be able to see which title is actually voting for ech language, tree map to check average salary based on the county of the survey taker, gauge to check how happy one is with thier work life balance and salary, donuts to check the difficulty level of bresking into data and customized the dashboard themes.

## How to Use  
1. Download the `.pbix` file.  
2. Open it in **Power BI Desktop**.  

🚀 Always improving my data visualization skills! Feedback is welcome.  
